(Ai)
Previously
on Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS...
R-O-B-O-P-P-I!
Beat those meatbags...
Make them cry!
I think that the sudden
spike in your intelligence
has overwhelmed your systems
and now you're having trouble
processing all these
new feelings.
Instead of dueling,
please let us help you.
Let's talk things out instead
of fighting things out.
C'mon, Playmaker, really?
You're trying
to trick me now too?
Roboppi's brain
received a boost.
But his emotional programming
definitely didn't.
This seems to have
resulted in a glitch
where Roboppi thinks
no one but Ai can be trusted.
There's only one way
to stop you from tricking me!
Beat you!
LAUNDRY DRAGON!
Hang HEATLEO out to dry!
(groans)
(grunts)
This duel isn't over yet.
I get to summon
SALAMANGREAT GAZELLE!
I activate APPLIANCER REDUCTION!
It banishes the GAZELLE
you just summoned
so it can ante-lope
on out of here!
No!
I'll go ahead and place
these two cards facedown
and end my turn.
The same robot
that cleaned our clocks
is now cleaning his!
You're up, Soulburner!
Meaning it's your turn.
(grunts)
Not that you're up
in life points or anything!
♪♪♪
(whistles)
Ro..bop..pi!
Win... this... duel!
(Kolter)
Soulburner's only slightly
behind Roboppi in life points.
But when it comes to monsters,
Soulburner's outnumbered
three to zip!
Know what,
after I finish mopping up
the floor with you,
I'll wipe out the whole world
until I rule the universe!
And nobody is gonna
be able to stop me.
Because being the greatest
is my prophecy!
A prophecy is when
the pictures in my head
reveal the future.
I saw myself glow bright
and melt like butter in a pan
except the pan
was the whole universe
and my Master said
these pictures mean
I'm gonna become
one with the universe
meaning every planet and comet
and asteroid and star
and all the black space
in between
because I'm the chosen one
that's gonna rule
everything and--
Okay!
It's my turn.
I draw!
First off,
I'm going to summon
SALAMANGREAT FALCO!
Then SPINNY's special
ability activates,
summoning itself
back from my graveyard!
Now I'll use them
to Link Summon!
Link 2 SALAMANGREAT
SUNLIGHT WOLF!
Since I sent my SALAMANGREAT
FALCO to the graveyard,
I get to place
SALAMANGREAT CLAW facedown.
Then I activate JACK JAGUAR's
special ability!
By returning HEATLEO
to my Extra Deck,
I can resurrect JACK JAGUAR
next to SUNLIGHT WOLF's link!
Next I'll use
SUNLIGHT WOLF's ability
to get SALAMANGREAT FALCO back.
(sighs)
How many cards
do you have in that deck?
(Soulburner)
Just the right amount!
I Link Summon
Link 1 SALAMANGREAT BALELYNX!
BALELYNX's ability lets me draw
SALAMANGREAT SANCTUARY
from my deck.
I now have everything I need
to blaze my circuit
for a third time!
The summoning conditions require
at least two
Fire Effect Monsters!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO!
How many lives
does that cat have?
HEATLEO's ability activates,
sending another facedown card
to your deck!
And I'll follow that up
by activating
SALAMANGREAT SANCTUARY
to Reincarnation Link Summon!
Rise again
from the valley of flames,
SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO!
HEATLEO's ability activates,
sending another facedown card
to your deck!
(grunts)
And then next,
by equipping SALAMANGREAT CLAW
on to my HEATLEO,
this Equip Spell allows
HEATLEO to attack three times!
(grunts)
Soulburner's really
bringing the heat.
Not only did he get rid
of all of Roboppi's
facedown cards,
but now his HEATLEO can attack
not once or twice but thrice.
HEATLEO!
Take LAUNDRY DRAGON
to the cleaners!
(Playmaker)
If this attack gets through,
Soulburner's comeback
will be nearly complete.
I can't believe I'm gonna lose!
This can't be happening!
It just can't be happening!
I don't wanna lose!
I don't wanna!
So that's why I'm not gonna!
I'm not losin'
this duel Soulburner
'cause you don't have
enough brawn to beat my brains!
I activate the Field Spell
APPLIANCER ELECTRILYRICAL WORLD!
(explosion)
When your monster attacks,
I can move a Link 1 APPLIANCER
to a different spot
in my Main Monster Zone.
And now that my two monsters
are co-linked,
CELTOPUS's ability activates,
energizing my LAUNDRY DRAGON's
attack points!
I didn't know
that your ELECTRILYRICAL WORLD
has that effect.
Well...
You don't know a lot of things.
Remember I did say
that I was smarter than you.
And now I'm provin' it!
Go, LAUNDRY DRAGON!
If LAUNDRY DRAGON is co-linked
during the time
it battles your monster,
neither one of us will take
any battle damage,
but your monster gets banished!
Your kitty used up
another one of its lives.
It looks like I'm back
in control of this duel.
Huh?
You sure
about that?
You may be smart,
and you may now know
a lot of things,
Huh?
but you still don't
know everything.
Well like what?
Like my brand spanking new
SALAMANGREAT ZEBROID X!
When you banish
my SALAMANGREAT Link Monster,
ZEBROID X's special
ability activates!
I get to summon
ZERBROID X to my field,
along with another
SALAMANGREAT!
JACK JAGUAR!
Like those two are gonna
make any difference.
Oh they will because
these two SALAMANGREATs
allow me to build
the Overlay Network!
Whaaat?
You're going to use'em
to Xyz Summon?
I overlay my Level 4
SALAMANGREAT ZEBROID X
and JACK JAGUAR!
The scorching dragon
that boils the oceans
and incinerates the sky,
arrives in a pillar of glory!
I now Xyz Summon!
Rank 4 SALAMANGREAT
BLAZE DRAGON!
When I use SALAMANGREAT
ZEBROID X to Xyz Summon,
my Xyz Monster will gain
300 attack points
for every one
of its Overlay Units.
Therefore, BLAZE DRAGON
gains 600 attack points.
That thing's got
2900 attack points!
(Kolter)
Nice!
Soulburner's new monster
is now stronger than Roboppi's.
Now BLAZE DRAGON!
Attack LAUNDRY DRAGON!
And I'll combo it
with this card here!
The spell SALAMANGREAT TAIL!
BLAZE DRAGON gains attack points
equal to its defense points,
and I regain that same
amount of life points!
Soulburner must be thinking
that it's now or never
cuz he's going all out to win.
My CELTOPUS powers up
LAUNDRY DRAGON again!
You'll still take 1600 damage,
and you only have
1000 life points left!
It's over, Roboppi!
No it's not cuz I banish
APPLIANCER REDUCTION
from my graveyard
to cut the damage
I take in half!
(screams)
(sighs)
(laughs)
(gasps)
I almost finished him off.
But almost isn't good enough.
With this, my turn ends.
As does SALAMANGREAT
TAIL's effect,
so BLAZE DRAGON's attack points
drop back to 2900.
(Roboppi panting)
(Roboppi)
You... tried to destroy me...
You really tried to destroy me
and erase me from existence.
You okay?
You're soundin' kinda different.
(Roboppi)
You said we were friends.
You said we were friends,
but you tried to destroy me.
You tried to destroy me.
It just hit me that you
actually want to destroy me.
But I don't want
to be destroyed.
So if you're going
to destroy me...
I'll destroy you first!
And you can't stop me because...
I have the power
of the universe!
(laughs)
When I'm through with you,
you'll be nothing but atoms!
(gasps)
Gulp.
It's my turn!
I draw!
I activate the spell card
APPLIANCER TEST!
It resurrects Link 1 APPLIANCERS
from my graveyard
so that they're co-linked
with the APPLIANCER
that's in the Extra
Monster Zone.
I resummon VACCULEPHANT
and PROPELION
next to CELTOPUS' links!
But when I use this spell,
their attack points drop to 0.
But that doesn't matter to me
because I only care
about its special abilities!
When VACCULEPHANT is co-linked,
it automatically destroys
one of your monsters!
(laughs)
Your BLAZE DRAGON
is about to hit the road!
Say bye bye!
Actually Roboppi,
whenever SALAMANGREAT BLAZE
DRAGON's gonna be destroyed...
it can use one Overlay Unit
to save itself!
(gasps)
But that means it used up
one of its two Overlay Units.
So, that means
your lame ol' monster
loses 300 of its attack points!
Making it that much easier
to destroy!
Now I'll Plug
and Play my circuit!
I Link Summon
Link 1 LAUNDRY DRAGON!
And then,
ELECTRILYRICAL WORLD's
effect activates!
I get COPYBOKKLE back
from my graveyard!
Once again, I'll Link Summon!
Link 1 APPLIANCER DRYER DRAKE!
When DRYER DRAKE is co-linked,
it gains 1000 attack points.
Now instead of just one,
two monsters are co-linked
with CELTOPUS.
Count 'em!
(grunts)
That means CELTOPUS
will give your monsters
2000 attack points
during battle.
That's right!
So in a battle between dragons,
mine is coming out on top!
CELTOPUS, charge up my dragon!
Go LAUNDRY DRAGON!
Destroy BLAZE DRAGON!
Yeah right!
By getting rid
of a SALAMANGREAT spell
or trap card from my hand,
I can activate
my SALAMANGREAT RING!
As long as this trap card
is in play,
my SALAMANGREATS gain
500 attack points
and are immune to your monster's
special abilities!
Even with that
attack point boost,
your BLAZE DRAGON is still
weaker than my LAUNDRY DRAGON!
(grunts)
BLAZE DRAGON uses up
its last remaining Overlay Unit
so that it won't be destroyed!
But your DRAGON's attack points
are gonna drop by another 300!
Making it just weak enough
for my DRYER DRAKE to destroy!
DRYER DRAKE, attack!
Dry him up!
It's not over yet!
My BLAZE DRAGON has
one last ability!
If you attack my BLAZE DRAGON
when it has no Overlay Units,
I can use it to Xyz Summon
another copy of this
same monster!
Say what!
I use SALAMANGREAT BLAZE DRAGON
to rebuild the Overlay Network!
Reincarnation Xyz Summon!
Strike the inferno,
SALAMANGREAT BLAZE DRAGON!
Well that's new.
Seems HEATLEO's not the only one
that can reincarnate.
First, SALAMANGREAT
RING's effect
raises its attack points by 500.
And when my BLAZE DRAGON
reincarnates,
its special ability destroys
one of your monsters.
So your LAUNDRY DRAGON's
gettin' cleaned up!
(Playmaker)
If LAUNDRY DRAGON is destroyed,
DRYER DRAKE's attack points
will drop,
making it weaker
than BLAZE DRAGON.
(grunts)
You think that move's
actually gonna work, meatbag?
Because... trust me it-it won't!
I play APPLIANCER COATING
from my graveyard!
When an APPLIANCER Link Monster
is destroyed
by a special ability,
I can resummon it
so that it's co-linked
with my other Link Monster.
Meaning a meatbag like you
can never keep
my LAUNDRY DRAGON down!
What?
Then I get to banish
your BALELYNX
and my APPLIANCER COATING
from our graveyards.
(laughs)
I'm miles ahead of every move
you choose to make!
You're easier to solve
than a two piece jigsaw puzzle!
Attack!
Now power up its attack,
CELTOPUS!
BLAZE DRAGON uses
one of its Overlay Units
to avoid being destroyed!
But I still have
another monster left
that I can use
to attack you with!
LAUNDRY DRAGON!
Exterminate his BLAZE DRAGON!
I have a better idea.
CELTOPUS, why not raise
its attack points
to pummel him even harder!
I survived that attack, Roboppi!
(Roboppi)
Yeah, for now.
Huh?
But you think I'm gonna
let you off the hook?
I'm a perfect AI that'll
conquer the universe.
You think I'd actually
let you survive this turn
and give you another chance
to attack me?
Well there's
no chance-no chance.
(all gasp)
When DRYER DRAKE is co-linked,
its special ability activates.
It switches places
with a Link 1 APPLIANCER
in my Main Monster Zone.
And the monster that
it switches places with
can attack twice in one turn.
Meaning LAUNDRY DRAGON
can attack you again!
(grunts)
I don't have any monsters
left on my field,
so there's no way
I can stop this attack.
(laughs)
Everyone had a tough time
dueling you except for me!
Except for me, the r-r-ruler
of the u-u-universe!
You never stood a chance
against my intellect
because it keeps growing
and growing and growing!
I'm so smart now I've
even surpassed my Master!
In fact, he should be
calling me Master!
Everyone is nothing!
Nothing compared to me!
The truth is
I'm the only one that's
worthy to rule the universe.
Rule the uni-...
Aww man.
Is he glitchin' out?
(Roboppi)
Rule the uni-...
Error... Error... Error...
But Roboppi doesn't want
to rule the universe.
Huh?
Roboppi doesn't want
to hurt his friends either.
Roboppi ends his turn
without attacking.
Say what?
You're not attacking?
Take that back!
But Roboppi doesn't
want to attack.
I don't care what you want,
attack him and end this!
No.
It's my prophecy to win!
Prophecy?
What's that?
It's when the pic-
Roboppi?
You good?
(Playmaker)
Roboppi fought against himself
because he, the real Roboppi,
never wanted to hurt us.
Roboppi's systems overloaded.
(gasps)
Well then, who won the duel?
Huh?
Roboppi must clean.
Clean and sweep
before Yusaku comes home.
Yusaku loves
when his room is clean.
And When Yusaku is happy,
Roboppi is happy.
You have to win this duel.
I can't.
It's my turn.
I draw.
I activate this card,
the spell RISING FIRE.
When there are
no monsters on my field,
I can resurrect a Fire Attribute
monster from my graveyard.
So HEATLEO comes back into play.
Here goes.
HEATLEO, attack DRYER DRAKE!
Well pal...
The duel is done.
Duel?
What duel?
Roboppi doesn't duel.
Uhhh.
That's pretty.
Bye, my friends.
Roboppi wishes you good luck!
Roboppi...
(Ai)
Now that that lil'
bitty bot is gone
I can finally get
some peace and quiet!
But I could use a lil' bit
of noise around here.
Just a little.
(both gasp)
(Soulburner)
What's that?
Check this.
It's a letter... from Ai.
♪♪♪